README.md, before:

# Extra Golems

This server-side only Fabric mods adds additional behaviors for Copper Golems.
Golems can be interacted holding the following blocks in the main hand to assign the different tasks to them:

| Block          | Golem Task     | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | 
|----------------|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Amethyst Block | Item Collector | Will collect dropped items from the floor and deposit them to wooden chests that already has a matching item type. Can be given an item by right clicking when crouching, and then it will only pick up items of that type afterwards.                                                          |
| Iron Block     | Butcherer      | Will kill adult animals in range using a weapon given to him.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| Diamond Block  | Warrior        | Will kill hostile mobs using a weapon given to him. Has additional armor to resist mobs attacking back.                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| Bookshelf      | Librarian      | Will collect experience orbs and store them. Can be interacted with empty main hand to release the collected experience.                                                                                                                                                                        |
| Emerald Block  | Trader         | Will pick up items from nearby copper chests to trade with nearby villagers, and deposit the traded items into wooden chests nearby. Can be given an item by right clicking when crouching, and then it will only pick up this type of item from the chests to trade with Villagers afterwards. |
| Any Log        | Lumberjack     | Will chop down nearby trees given an axe.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

Additionally, when the mod is installed, Copper Golems will naturally regenerate health at slow rate when not been attacked for a while.

## Installation

This mod requires Fabric API to be installed. Mod does not need to be installed on the client.

Commit message:

Added vegetation harvester and block braker golem types

README.md, after:

# Extra Golems

This server-side only Fabric mods adds additional behaviors for Copper Golems.
Golems can be interacted holding the following blocks in the main hand to assign the different tasks to them:

| Block          | Golem Task     | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | 
|----------------|----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Amethyst Block | Item Collector | Will collect dropped items from the floor and deposit them to wooden chests that already has a matching item type. Can be given an item by right clicking when crouching, and then it will only pick up items of that type afterwards.                                                          |
| Iron Block     | Butcherer      | Will kill adult animals in range using a weapon given to it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| Diamond Block  | Warrior        | Will kill hostile mobs using a weapon given to it. Has additional armor to resist mobs attacking back.                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| Bookshelf      | Librarian      | Will collect experience orbs and store them. Can be interacted with empty main hand to release the collected experience.                                                                                                                                                                        |
| Emerald Block  | Trader         | Will pick up items from nearby copper chests to trade with nearby villagers, and deposit the traded items into wooden chests nearby. Can be given an item by right clicking when crouching, and then it will only pick up this type of item from the chests to trade with Villagers afterwards. |
| Any Log        | Lumberjack     | Will chop down nearby trees given an axe.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| Any Sapling    | Planter        | Will plant seeds or vegetation given to it on soil above copper blocks. Will look for seeds in copper chests. Can be given an item by right clicking when crouching, and then it will only plant that item afterwards.                                                                          |
| Golden Block   | Harvester      | Will harvest fully grown crops, as well as pumpkins and melons. Can be equipped with a tool (e.g. an axe)                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| Purpur Block   | Block Placer   | Will place blocks given to it on top of copper blocks. Will look for blocks to place in copper chests. Can be given a block by right clicking when crouching, and then it will only look for blocks of that type afterwards.                                                                    |
| Purpur Pillar  | Block Breaker  | Will break blocks on top of copper blocks using a tool given to it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Additionally, when the mod is installed, Copper Golems will naturally regenerate health at slow rate when not been attacked for a while.

## Installation

This mod requires Fabric API to be installed. Mod does not need to be installed on the client.
